# Online Auction System App

This is a simple web application built with React, Next.js, TypeScript, Material-UI (v5), Redux, Redux Saga, and Axios.

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Mikaeylaaa/full-stack-coding-assignment-ui.git
```
## Project Structure

Below is the directory/folder structure for this project:

**`.next/`**             - Contains the build output generated by Next.js. This directory is automatically generated and is not committed to version control.
**`node_modules/`**      - Stores all the project dependencies installed via npm or yarn.
**`pages/`**             - Holds the Next.js page components. Each file in this directory represents a page of the application.
**`public/`**            - Contains static files that are publicly accessible, such as images, fonts, and other assets.
**`src/`**               - Houses the main source code of the project.
**`app/`**           - Contains the main application components and configurations.
**`common/`**    - Contains the common components and utilities used across the application.
**`components/`** - Contains the reusable React components used throughout the application.
**`routes/`**            - Contains route definitions or configuration files, specifying the routes and their corresponding components.
**`utils/`**             - Contains utility functions and helper modules used across the application.
**`store/`**             - Contains Redux-related files for state management.
**`actions/`**    - Contains Redux action creators related to the Online auction/bidding system flow.
**`reducer/`**    - Contains Redux reducers related to the Online auction/bidding system flow.
**`sagas/`**      - Contains Redux Saga middleware to handle asynchronous actions.
**`theme/ `**            - Houses theme-related configurations or files for Material-UI (MUI) v5.
**`utility/`**           - Contains additional utility modules used in the application.

## Requirements

- [NodeJS >= 10](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Yarn >= 1.21](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

## Running the App

### Install dependencies

Before launching the application or running any tests, you must run `yarn install` to install all application dependencies.

### Launch App in Development Mode

To run the application in a production-like environment, two commands must be executed:

- **`yarn build`**: Compiles and builds the code in a manner suitable use
- **`yarn dev`**: Launches the Next.js server and serves the `development` ready code that was built in the previous command.

After running the `yarn dev` command, you can point your browser to [http://localhost:3002](http://localhost:3002) to view the app.

## Other Development Tools and Commands

Below are list of tools used in this repository to make sure written codes are clean and consistent.

## Code Formatting

To achieve consistent code formatting across all developers, this project is formatted using [Prettier](https://prettier.io/).

There are two common Prettier commands available in `package.json`:

- **`yarn format`**: Runs the Prettier formatter on project files and formats them to maintain consistent code style and readability

- **`yarn format:check`**: Does the same as `format` except does not update any files; instead, it throws an error if any files are found complies with the defined formatting rules without actually modifying the files

IDE plugins are widely available, such as [Prettier for VSCode](https://github.com/prettier/prettier-vscode) that can be downloaded and installed.

## Code Linting

To maintain code quality and adhere to coding standards, we use linting tools in this project. Linting helps identify and flag code issues, potential bugs, and violations of coding conventions.

There are two common Linting commands available in `package.json`:

- **`yarn lint`**: Runs the linter and checks your code for any linting issues without automatically fixing them.

- **`yarn lint:fix`**: Does the same as `lint` except that it will automatically fix the identified linting errors.

ESLint IDE plugins and extensions are available for most IDEs, such as the [ESLint plugin for VSCode](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-eslint), and it is recommended to install and utilize these plugins.





```
